welcome to the TV com my name is Olivia
and I am here at Dolan's warehouse for
the siege number six can you believe it
and i'm here with linkous a link iligan
sorry hi guys very good alright so you
just passed a tiny beautiful good tired
here's our you're a second I think so
tell me you guys have known each other
since like birth yeah well I have very
much except for some yeah it does kind
of had to yeah yeah there you have a
choice trying to get away book yeah so
when did you guys actually start paying
instruments 15 16 I started a bit early
always took up to I was 14 I think
I'm what inspires you guys like stars
friend of mine is playing
I actually saw Josh playing Marilyn
Manson song wow just started playing
guitar then what was the first time you
make everything today as a bad mom No
how's the Rising Sun yeah um love is all
around good father to chasey lain smells
like teen spirit Hotel California okay
that's a very popular absolute responses
how long have you guys been playing
together like as a bunch you good for
you since 2003 yeah that's when we first
kind of started we spent like a few
years kind of doing it hard so I bought
it off last year we
I'm sorry I had a cold feet I survived
really good really good it was really
necessary to change their name yeah
cheers was like we started to the court
and we had all songs and recorded it we
just decided to scrap fresh start on
allowed to jump in and like a bit of
marching for yeah it was like I was like
oh gosh he's gonna like punch somebody
think that's why I stand back no game so
like who would be your like made
influencing we're all we all have our
own influences like as individuals so
like for me Radiohead are my biggest
influence and followed by probably
dillinger escape plan master on the
shooter stuff with the captain beefheart
yeah Rob loves the 70s prog rock crimson
and all the classics not to lose a big
influence on this session oh sorry how
could I not mention to enterprise yeah
let's go there probably
yeah what do you guys think about the
remastered stuff that their father you
know anything yeah it kind of em brings
it into the 21st century in terms of you
know the digital crossover between you
know from analog digital a it's kind of
a modernized in the way in terms of
practicality and sound I don't think
it's necessarily better it's just
different temperatures yet yeah how is
vast good to do I have a big surprise
right yeah we did like a string and
launch date around the place good let me
start off in Addis yes probably our
roots you know County Fair we've been
something cork and galway and just kind
of do they seen you thought any more
books kind of in the coming months all
to promote the album
here hey yeah we did it start the
process like maybe a year vota and like
resorting to throwing out songs we kind
of wrote half these songs and in my life
yeah so that mean yes I kind of the
whole process of making the album which
we released took about a year yeah but
we did it like all ourselves took out a
loan for up here learned how to use it
and then you know like after that just
required in each other eyes yeah we
rented a house kind of on the outskirts
go away between us just set up here
there live there and recorded just there
niggas fight like children's know each
other so long that you can be like
Turner inside stopping stopping that the
shit out of me instead of like you know
a newer bands are cut you kind of still
have to be a bit nice but yeah I know so
we're not afraid so what's requested
what's in the future for you guys like
what's 2012 all of you guys or I'm sorry
that's our main focus for us at the
moment is to just get on the road just
gig as much as we can we're pretty happy
with the product that we've made
confident with it and I'm really happy
to go out and play those songs lives so
we're looking at once we've done enough
and I
the UK Europe the music you stay here we
go we've also started beginning to start
working with saver you're seeing records
they're labeled is being set up in
belfast by some enterprising young
fellows and that they're doing really
well like they're working really hard
they've got a distribution deal for the
UK sort of like I pounds that they're
going to sign and their do it they're
like really pushing it and working
really hard yeah it's a really like DIY
basting of kind of fans trying to help
out other bands we really like each
other the day isn't it like yeah yeah so
I'm septic guys you have any other nude
any other things you want to say to the
flip the TV audience before you go yeah
we're working on new material all the
time and hopefully we'll have something
new at some stage soon in terms of that
hour liveset we're throwing new stuff in
all the time so anyone's more to the
album shell something else that they all
one's called rule by thieves and you can
like download our band camp or whatever
you want essentially you're failures if
you want to yeah we've had a blue more
generous people yeah yeah how would you
like I mean you guys have have a copies
of the album at gigs and stuff as well
three calm down 20 gig get mommy read
everything we're not giving them away I
really enjoyed you said earlier on and
you guys are great and thanks very much
hey thanks very much